Thanks a lot for having dowloaded this pack.

Demo Scenes :
2 Scenes are available, you have to go to the demo scene file and you will be able to 
open the scene you want.

Of course you can also customized the scenes by adding whatever you like.


Prefabs :
The prefabs are available in the prefab file, you just have to drag and drop them into the scene.

FX :
The fx are available in the fx file, prefabs are ready to be dragged and dropped.
To change the parameters of the fx you have to click on your prefab and change what you like in the inspector.



Graphics


Project quality :

Go to "edit" , "Project Settings " , " Quality" , you then have the choice to change the quality to "ultra quality" so it will make your graphics smoother. 

Post Processing :
In order to use the post processing settings , you need to install the post processing stack thanks to the package 
manager.You will find it in "Window" then Package manager, go to "advanced", "show preview package ", and then search for Post processing.
You will then be able to install it.

You will be able to add post processing by selecting the main camera. Once selected go te the inspector and click on
 add new component and search for  Post processing layer, add it and then add post processing volume.

Post processing Layer
Set trigger to main camera, "layer" select post processing and the anti aliasing mode used was subpixel.


Post Processing Volume
Tick "is global" and check that weight is at 1.
Then you will just need to drag and drop the post processing profile available in the post processing demo scene folder.
Choose the one according to the right scene. (there are 2 scenes so 2 profiles )


HDRP :
If you want the same rendering as the screenshots from the assetstore you will have to switch the project to HDRP.
In order to do that you will have to go to the Package manager again and download the HDRP pipeline asset, then switch the hole project to HDRP.
Check this quick tutorial to do it : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=orzuSWtaOVM&t=424s

Once it's in HDRP you can adjust the rendering thanks to the different settings.



For any queries please send an e-mail : newvision.istudios@gmail.com


